3. K-Dimensional binary search tree
A k-d tree is a data-structure used to partition a k-dimensional space and is a special case of a binary-search tree.

  3.1 General description of the KD-tree
  A binary tree is a data-structure in which each element of the data-set is hierarchically connected to the other elements which also constitute the so called nodes of the tree.
  Each node has at most two children, usually referred to as left-child and right-child. Thus from every node of a binary tree develops another sub-tree. 
  The nodes of the tree that does not have children are called Leaves.
  A k-d tree subdivides a k-dimensional space in such a way that the relation between sub-spaces can be represented through a binary tree.
  For the intents and purposes of this thesis from here on it will be considered k=3, therefore always referring to a three-dimensional Cartesian space, however all the following methods and techniques can be extended to 
  any number of dimensions and any orthogonal basis.

  3.1.1 Building a 3D tree
  The procedure of the tree construction is recursive: a starting point is chosen and it will be called the root of the tree, a plane passing through the root point and orthogonal to one of the axis defines the regions 
  of the two sub-trees children of root, for each of those a new root is chosen between the points of the sub-tree repeating the procedure until all the sub-trees contains no points, those are the leaves of the tree.
  In order to construct a balanced tree, where each sub-tree of a given level contains the same amount of points, there are two requirements: the first is that the subdivision must be performed cycling along the axis,
  so if the first splitting is done by a plane orthogonal to X the second will be done with respect to Y, the third to Z, the fourth again through X and so on until the leaves are created.
  The second requirements lies in chosing the root of each sub-tree in such a way that both of its sons will contain the same amount of points (with the exception of one point in case of odd numbering that will conventionally 
  be assigned to the left son). To achieve that all the points of a sub-tree are sorted according to their coordinate in the axis along which the sub-tree will be divided, the root will be the middle point defined by that 
  with as many points preceeding as many following it.
  The relations between each node and its sons is then recorded and the procedure stops when all the leaves are created.

  3.1.2 Searching - Traversing the tree
